If 'Add Note' from the ConNote pane is triggered, then set CraftingInfo.Consultant if not set (i.e. don't do it in StoryEditor only)

After rescrolling to the same earlier line, can we do something to make sure it's visible (for the cases where the thing we add is below the view)

Decouple Sword from installer

in viewing old stories, why am I being asked if I want to save changes?

remove Story pane boxes as a legitimate drop target for dragged Scripture references

add transliteration viewing to glossing dialog

why is PF being asked for UNS BTer on 2nd round after consultant

Try to use "International BT" rather than English BT

http://maher_kumar:lightb@hg-private.languagedepot.org/lb1-oriya

what to do with OEBTer's comments (can't edit ConNotes)

Nathan: There have been a few times where the check box for "is there an internet repository for this project" has lost its check without me purposely doing it. Then (obviously) the send/receive won't work. But the program doesn't give me any notice that synchronization didn't happen. It pops up the project notes window. Now that I'm conditioned to expect the synchronizing window to pop up I think I would notice when it doesn't, so I would know something is wrong. But a notice that the synchronization failed would be nice. Especially for newbies. Or send/receive could be grayed out if that box is not checked. Also, what's the difference between [project > transfer via thumbdrive] and [project > send/receive and then "USB flash drive" in the "synchronizing OneStory project...." window]? And why do you only get the ''synchronizing OneStory project...." window  when the internet repository box is checked in settings? Since presumably you could want to send/receive via flash drive without ever using the internet?

see why it's repeatedly launching the sec.msi when the start menu shortcuts are moved post-install (i.e. find out how to get wix to ignore this).

Toolbox export not working still

pssecurity@utdallas.edu

we can log into the manage information site, but not galaxy.

pxe110230

gbrannon@smu.edu Peter's FinAid

214-768-4357

214-947-6278

add ability to strip out insert symbol garbage

Re-hook OEBTer into Tasks

Send Process check reports to Judy

Ask Dhanunjaya about whether he recorded any non-bib stories

The UNSs/crafters that come, it would be best if they are experienced in that role (but just not on the particular stories)

Final review involves having 2 UNSs (one experienced/one fresh) to: a) listen to the whole panorama and then b) repeat one-by-one and check for cohesion, key terms, etc.

I have to get Daniel & Vijay to revise the Animist set (14-15 stories) for June workshop (which will be expanded to 23-25 stories with a new panorama for the Oct workshop).

The two-two teams that are coming in June are of 4 people so there can be 2 sets of pairs that can work together

add the ability to delete an individual answer box

add Spelling

fix acts.hindiwbtc

automatically send emails when "Send to xxx" happens

Check on removing ScrollIntoView (see what it feels like). Problem with overage on the screen jumping around too much.

Resolving project notes doesn't seem to make them go away.

Do check for program update in a background thread so it doesn't launch so slowly.

Do a check to see if the same project is opened in two instances of the program.

Put http base address of repo in project file so that if the user accidentally does reset stored information, they won't lose the fact that there was an Internet repos (i.e. Send/Receive stops working).

Check out:
C:\src\WW\Lib\src\EC\AIGuesserEC\AdaptItKBReader.cs and DLLs
C:\src\WW\Lib\src\EC\AIGuesserEC\Properties\AssemblyInfo.cs

Bob, would it be nice to have a different tab for the non-biblical stories, so that they wouldn't mix up with the panorma? Just like the 'old stories' section, but then a different one for non-bibs?

Check out searching on L&C Notes.

In Tbx, you could right-click to "Jump" to an L&C note... what could that mean in OSE?

do Hindi->English AIKB

fix the select multiple languages from retell, answers, etc, to 'add note on selected text'

change ln # references in ConNotes if lines are added/deleted.

Make it possible to have multiple roles (i.e. use a bit field and check boxes rather than radio buttons)

in local glossing, if there is no change between src & target, then display near source the "similar" words for them to choose from. Then all changes to the source line (which might need to be fed back to the source line in the editor).

Add right-click on anchor button to all "NO ANCHOR" as a legitimate anchor.

Where would general testing questions go?

Have an option to do an orthogonal "task" rather than only state machine so that the PF can do anything they want when they want, with perhaps the only restriction being "have 1/2 TQs" check before going to the consultant.

simplify the case of adding TQs immediately followed by answers.

Add Story numbering

Add to AdaptItEncConverter the ability to return words from the KB that are "similar" (ala Mark Penny's normalization algorithm). The provide those as right-click options to the glossing.

disable auto-save timeout when *any* messageBox is up.

Can I add spelling check?

in settings dialog, if a tab is clicked, then do 'Next'

Add 'Revert' capability (cf. P7)

When I tried to sync with an AdaptIt project using other credentials, it threw an unhandled exception.

Add the ability to save the Print dialog in HTML

Fix "Last settings" in Print dialog

Add ConNotes to print

set the Bounds on the Commentary window to match the ConNotes pane (and/or remember where it was last moved to).

add back and forward for line jumps as well

no horizontal scroll bar in ConNotes

make sure 'use for all stories' works from startup

make sure about testing questions before going into "do uns test" state

make sure the 'transition' text is updated in the Select State dialog

allow consult & coach to make edits to the ConNotes panes even when the story is in a PF state

add ability to have one-sided conversations in the ConNote panes (Add Place Holders button? or Add Bookmark?) or "Add note to self"

DChartHelper: fix the repaint and add 'export all' feature

Fix AdaptIt EncConverter to not allow zero lenght words/phrases and RS fields

Fix Toolbox export to make a separate typ for coach notes (so we can have different 'next' fields for the two different filetypes)

When inserting records, use 'a', 'b', etc, so we don't change the line numbers

selectively show different tests

add 'hidden text' to the search dialog (don't search 'hidden' verses unless it's checked, and NavigateTo needs to unhide such a find)

can we allow the retelling/answers/connotes be in some other lg?

Add search to Bible pane as well

Make the testing question a different color

When you add a view (e.g. adding the Hindi when it's not normally shown), it would be nice to go back to where you were.

When logged in as "Just Browsing", then disable Modified so we don't offer to save just by setting the logged in member.

Ask which UNS at the beginning rather than at hte end (if you're adding UNS #2 answers and you do 'Add New test results" before the question is asked, it'll think somethign else..dummty.

Test whether two versions of the OSE can be run at the same time without problems. (at the very least, make sure it doesn't do sync and try to open the same project file, which it will by default).
